Update basic-programming-skills@aSYXa25_0O2qQl1O-N3xl.md (#7193)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/devrel/content/basic-programming-skills@aSYXa25_0O2qQl1O-N3xl.md

# Basic Programming Skills

Basic programming skills are essential for Developer Relations professionals to effectively communicate with developers, understand their needs, and provide technical support. These skills include proficiency in at least one programming language, understanding of data structures and algorithms, and familiarity with development tools and technologies. Having basic programming skills enables Developer Relations professionals to create educational content, provide technical guidance, and participate in code reviews.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@article@TheNewStack.io - Devrel](https://thenewstack.io/devrel-for-beginners-how-to-get-started/)
- [@article@Getting Started With Devrel- Dev.to](https://dev.to/rejoice/getting-started-with-devrel-22n3)

> - [@article@Pluratsight](https://www.pluralsight.com/resources/blog/tech-operations/developer-relations-getting-a-devrel-job)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@article@How to become a DevRel](https://www.pluralsight.com/resources/blog/tech-operations/developer-relations-getting-a-devrel-job)
```
